Scopely is looking for a Senior Producer to join our Star Trek Fleet Command team on a hybrid/remote basis in Ireland, Spain, Portugal, or the UK.

At Scopely, we care deeply about what we do and want to inspire play every day - whether in our work environments alongside our talented colleagues or through our deep connections with our communities of players. We are a global team of game lovers who are developing, publishing and innovating the mobile games industry, connecting millions of people around the world daily.

Star Trek Fleet Command's ongoing success goes from strength to strength. Our in-house developed multi-platform 4X MMO was launched in 2018 and continues to evolve, being consistently one of the top 10 gross revenue Massive Multiplayer Strategy games on the market.

What You Will Do

The person in this position will join an experienced team of producers dedicated to facilitating multi-disciplined pods to deliver the best for our players by creating and improving communication channels, celebrating successes, and always making sure we understand how and where our teams can improve.

You will be embedded in one of our pods to deliver a wide variety of updates and capabilities for Star Trek™ Fleet Command, taking these projects from concept to delivery. We work on exciting products and games and you will have the opportunity to make a massive impact on the daily experiences of hundreds of thousands of players by ensuring your team has everything they need to be successful.

    Lead, inform, motivate and align project teams to deliver on individual & shared goals
    Be heavily involved in production, coordination, triage, and release planning
    Work directly with talented multi-disciplined feature/content teams to drive the best output and healthy team cultures
    Facilitate requirement gathering, identifying dependencies, and capacity planning within the team, partnering with the product team, the art team, as well as the wider senior game leadership team
    Maintain project status and progress so you can ensure team's capability to deliver to the player on time
    Maintain and iterate on team processes such as retrospectives and sprint planning to keep the team healthy and contributing to the overall improvement of the studio
    Be an active member of the Star Trek Fleet Command features team to improve how the whole game team operates

What We're Looking For

    Highly experienced working in development teams
    Experience on a live title
    Excellent communication and people interaction skills
    Solid understanding of Agile and its standard practices
    Experience working with JIRA
    Naturally, be a very structured and well-organized person
    Clear ability to assess the priority of multiple issues rapidly to focus response accordingly
    To have a demonstrated ability to facilitate cross-team discussion and organization
    Willing to spend a lot of time in the details of how games are delivered

Please ensure that the résumé/CV you attach is written in English.

About Scopely

Scopely is a leading video game and global interactive entertainment company, home to many of the world’s most beloved and enduring experiences, including two of the most successful mobile games of all-time “MONOPOLY GO!” and “Pokémon GO,” along with “Stumble Guys,” “Star Trek™ Fleet Command,” “MARVEL Strike Force,” “WWE Champions,” the Scrabble® franchise, “Yahtzee® With Buddies,” and many others. Across mobile, web, PC, and console, Scopely creates, develops, publishes, and live-operates one of the most diversified and award-winning portfolios in the games industry — bringing hundreds of millions of players together through a shared love of play.

Founded in 2011, Scopely is powered by its exceptional team — including thousands of world-class gamemakers around the globe, a distinctive tenet-driven culture, and its proprietary technology platform, Playgami. Together, these strengths have fueled Scopely’s position as the #1 mobile games company in the U.S. and #2 globally, generating more than $10 billion in lifetime revenue. Whether building global sensations like “MONOPOLY GO!” from the ground up, or expanding through strategic acquisitions, including the FoxNext, GSN, and Niantic games businesses — Scopely consistently delivers experiences players love today and return to for years to come.

Recognized multiple times as one of the "100 Most Influential Companies in the World" by TIME magazine and one of Fast Company's "World's Most Innovative Companies" and “Best Workplaces for Innovators,” Scopely believes that video games can be a force for good — creating meaningful connections, vibrant communities, and making life better through play.

Scopely has global operations and partners across four continents in more than a dozen countries worldwide. For more information, visit: https://www.scopely.com/.

Notice to Candidates: Scopely will never request payment or financial information during the application or hiring process. Please apply only through our official website and verify that all Talent Partner communications come from an email address ending in @scopely.com.

Should you have any questions or encounter any fraudulent requests/emails/websites, please immediately contact recruiting@scopely.com. Our job applicant privacy policies are available here: California Privacy Notice and EEA/UK Privacy Notice.

Employment at Scopely is based solely on a person's merit and qualifications. Scopely does not discriminate against any employee or applicant because of race, creed, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, national origin, disability, age, genetic information, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy or related condition (including breastfeeding), or any other basis protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.